[KEP-0010] KUDO Package Manager (#248)
kudobuilder/kudo: keps/0010-package-manager.md

/kafka/2.2.0/common
/kafka/2.2.0/common/common.yaml
/kafka/2.2.0/templates
/kafka/2.2.0/templates/deployment.yaml
/kafka/2.2.0/templates/...
/kafka/0.1.0
/kafka/docs
/kafka/docs/README.md
/kafka/docs/Demo.md
/kafka/tests
/kafka/tests/foobar.yaml
/kafka/tests/0.2.0/bar.yaml
/kafka/tests/0.1.0/foo.yaml
/zookeeper
...
```

The advantage of having a flat structure withing the hosted repo environment is, that for distribution the opinionated structure within the `.tgz` file is not much of importance and can be subject to change without breaking other assumptions.

For example, the `/kafka/2.2.0` folder (with whatever underlying structure) is zipped to `kafka-2.2.0.tgz`, where `2.2.0` is the current SemVer version of the package. Versioning of packages ( e.g. `kafka-0.1.0` or `kafka-0.2.0` ) is not matching the current version of KUDO itself but follows its own SemVer timeline. The zipped Framework, then called Package, is made available through any HTTP Server.
 
Our official repository is hosted on Google Cloud Storage and following a flat structure:

```bash
/index.yaml
/kafka-0.1.0.tgz
/kafka-0.2.0.tgz
/...
/kafka-1.0.0.tgz
/zookeeper-0.1.0.tgz
/...
/zookeeper-3.4.10.tgz
...
```

> * This structure solely solves the distribution of Packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This structure solely solves the distribution of Packages and is Storage-Backend agnostic, meaning it is possible to host this type of structure using other backends.
```

### Risks and Mitigations

This potentially breaks our current CLI implementation on how to install a Framework and we probably need to also think about how we could mitigate it and/or make it backwards compatible. This also shows that we need to implement it in a way that changes are not backwards compatible. One solution to this is the HTTP server serving as a middle layer, which could also be a Single Point of Failure. For the example of our official hosted repo this is being minimized by relying on Google's infrastructure.

Other risks are in the way we distribute and install Packages without any validation/verification. As this KEP develops we will add more safety mechanisms such as sha checking.

## Graduation Criteria

Having an hosted implementation and being able to install Frameworks and getting metrics from it.
This includes e.g.:
* Solving the folder structure for Packages
* Solving the folder structure for the entire repository

## Implementation History

2019/05/16 - Initial draft.
2019/05/30 - Updates to structure from KEP-0009
2019/06/06 - Initial Re-Factoring to new Repo Structure ( https://github.com/kudobuilder/frameworks/pull/19 )

## Infrastructure Needed

> This KEP require us to have infrastructure which generates or updates our official Package`tgz` files and makes them available on our default Storage Backend. There is an interesting idea of having it entirely hosted e.g. on `Docker` or `Github` but this KEP should provide the proper conditions to be able to seemingly easy accomplish this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This KEP requires us to have infrastructure which generates or updates our official Package`tgz` files and makes them available on our default Storage Backend. There is an interesting idea of having it entirely hosted e.g., on `Docker` or `Github` but this KEP should provide the proper conditions to be able to seemingly easy accomplish this.
```

/kafka/docs/Demo.md
/kafka/tests
/kafka/tests/foobar.yaml
/kafka/tests/0.2.0/bar.yaml
/kafka/tests/0.1.0/foo.yaml
/zookeeper
...
```

* This structure serves as the local repo, cache and source of truth, and reflects the structure of the official repository hosted on GitHub.

In the long term it will conform with KEP-0009 and have the following structure:

```bash
/index.yaml
/kafka
/kafka/2.2.0
/kafka/2.2.0/framework.yaml
/kafka/2.2.0/params.yaml
/kafka/2.2.0/common
/kafka/2.2.0/common/common.yaml
/kafka/2.2.0/templates
/kafka/2.2.0/templates/deployment.yaml
/kafka/2.2.0/templates/...
/kafka/0.1.0
/kafka/docs
/kafka/docs/README.md
/kafka/docs/Demo.md
/kafka/tests
/kafka/tests/foobar.yaml
/kafka/tests/0.2.0/bar.yaml
/kafka/tests/0.1.0/foo.yaml
/zookeeper
...
```

The advantage of having a flat structure withing the hosted repo environment is, that for distribution the opinionated structure within the `.tgz` file is not much of importance and can be subject to change without breaking other assumptions.

For example, the `/kafka/2.2.0` folder (with whatever underlying structure) is zipped to `kafka-2.2.0.tgz`, where `2.2.0` is the current SemVer version of the Package. 

> The versioni of a Package ( e.g. `kafka-0.1.0` or `kafka-0.2.0` ) is not matching the current version of KUDO itself but follows its own SemVer timeline. The zipped Framework, then called Package, is made available through any HTTP Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version of a Package (e.g., `kafka-0.1.0` or `kafka-0.2.0`) does not have to match the current version of KUDO itself but it follows its own SemVer timeline. The zipped Framework, called Package, is made available through any HTTP Server.
```
